SCRIPT:


(Whilst on MainActivity:)

Hello, for our COMP6000 project this year our group developed a Workout Assistant App. It is a privacy-centred fitness platform that utilises generative AI to deliver personalised workout experiences.
From the get-go users have a choice between logging in with an account or choosing to be anonymous.
If they choose to be anonymous

(Click on “Anonymous Browsing”)

They are taken to a simplified version of the home page.
The feature that they have access to is searching our local database of exercises and workouts.

(Click on “Search”)
(Hover the mouse above the exercise)

We’ve added a sample workout to showcase that.

(Click Back, then Log out, and confirm)

They can also log in with an account to access the rest of the features.
But first, we need to create an account.

(Clicks on register text)

Only email and password are required, everything else is optional.

(Adds details, can add some optional data, and click, next and confirm)

Now we log in.

(Log in)

Once logged in, they are taken to the homepage
Here, they can see their statistics, including number of workouts, favourite workout, and time spent. There is also a step counter that is saved locally on the device. At the bottom they can quickly pick a workout targeted at a specific muscle.

(Points to the top)

At the top, there is a banner, which is consistent whilst navigating the main pages. It includes a title, welcome message, and a button to the settings.

(Navigate to settings)

In settings, users can switch between Data Control and Account Management tabs.
In data control, they can modify all their details

(Show changing/adding data. Clicks on account)

In the other tab, users can choose between changing passwords, logging out, or deleting their account.
Back to home, goes to home page, goes to workout
On the workouts page, users can switch between manual and AI tabs.
In manual they have two options: Search and Create

(Open search)

In Search, users can browse and filter existing workouts.

(Show filtering. Pick a workout)

One can also see the details of every exercise in the workout.

(Go back)
(Go to create)

In Create, users utilise our exercise database to create a workout.
First they add details about their new workout, including name and difficulty.

(Click continue.)

Then, they choose from a list of exercises.

(Pick a few and click confirm)

Once selected, the users have a final look at their workout, before confirming.

(Go back)
(Go to AI tab)

However, probably most interesting are AI generated workouts. Users provide the AI necessary information and get a personalised workout made for them.

(Provide some data)

No matter which path they choose to get their workout, after selecting it they are always sent to the Workout Hub.

(Select the workout)

The Workout Hub gives them an overview of their workout. They also have the options to Enhance or Begin.
In Enhance, users can further modify their workout.

(Show enhancing)

Once enhanced, the user can either pick the new workout or, if not happy, regenerate again.

(Pick select)

Once they start the workout, they are shown an outline of the current exercise, including an image and a description.

(Click next)

“Next” takes them to the next exercise. They can also navigate back.

(Click pause)

Pausing and resuming the workout is also possible.

(Clicks finish)

Once finished, they are then taken back to the workouts page.

(Go to History)

Finally, the history page shows the user an outline of all workouts they have completed. By default, it only shows four workouts. To view all they must click the appropriate button.
If a user wants to redo a past workout, all they have to do is to find it in History.

(Click on a workout)
(And click “Redo”)

Finally, we want to show how easy it is for a user to disappear off our database.
There is a button to wipe history and statistics.

(Wipe History)

There is also a button to delete one’s account.

(Delete users account)

These are the most important pages and functionalities in our Workout Assistant app. Thank you for watching.

(VIDEO ENDS)
